Insertion Point - A Flat-Life Series by hlife_hotdog

The story...

It’s been 8 years after the incident at Black Mesa. 8 years of war, of chaos, of suffering. After a nuclear bomb destroyed Black Mesa the aliens spread out. We only know they hunt us down every day, wether their goal is just to feed on us or something more sinister is yet to be known. Every day the war goes on. We don’t know how many of them there are but for each one we kill, two more appear. Countless numbers of people have fallen victim to the creatures known as headcrabs. There are now millions of these lost souls, wandering, their moaning heard everywhere you go. But we fight on! The military finally became an organised faction, well, I suppose we should now call them rebels but we hold ranks. It’s the only way to maintain order among the fear and hopelessness of our cause. Tens of thousands of troops centralised into a remote military base a few hundred miles north-east of Colorado. From here we can focus our attacks, reach out and scavenge what we can from the cities all while fighting off hoards of alien scum. One day we will find a way to destroy them, one day we will victorious, one day we will be free...

--------------------------------------------------

Operation: Ice Flow

Chapter 1 - Drop Point Alpha

Satellites have picked up a high concentration of teleportation residue around a remote facility in the north-west of Russia. We don’t know what’s in the facility but there must be something of interest there for such a large number of aliens to converge on that one location. We need to find out what is in there, if it is a threat to us, destroy it, otherwise collect what you can and return to base. We will drop you just outside the facility, you can enter through a stormwater drain on the east side. Good luck soldier.

Chapter 2 - Coming Soon...

--------------------------------------------------

It's been a long time coming but I finally got my ass into it and finished it off. Chapter 1 is not as good as I want it to be but Hammer keeps crashing every time I try to do anything! Delete, copy, add even close the map and it crashed so I gave up. The downside is that it is a bit too quiet in most places but it's okay. Chapter 2 I hope will be more promising as I delve deeper into the story. This will probably be my permanent Flat-Life series so I hope you enjoy as there are many more chapters to this story to come...

Enjoy, Hotdog

hlifehotdog@gmail.com
www.twhl.co.za (the new TWHL v3!!!!!)
www.urbanafterlife.com

--------------------------------------------------

Authors MAY use this level as a base to build additional levels as long as you give me credit in your read.me as using this map as a base to build your level.

You MUST NOT distribute this level UNLESS you INCLUDE THIS FILE WITH NO MODIFICATIONS. If you don't co-operate, then DON'T DISTRIBUTE IT IN ANY FORM.

This map includes textures used in other Half-Life modifications as well as textures used in other PC games.  It is not my intention to steal these textures and use them for personal gain.  I use these textures because I think they are very well done and am honored to use them.  Please do not be offended that I borrowed your textures if you are the author of them.

Custom content has come from other mods/games without permission. If you see your content and want credits or it removed please email me.

This LEVEL may be distributed ONLY over the Internet.

You are NOT authorized to put this LEVEL on any CD or distribute it in any way without my written permission.

PLEASE email me with any comments about this map because I love feedback good or bad...and I will do my best to answer any and all emails regarding my maps.